docs: updated README with acknowledgements (#15)
omsf-eco-infra/gha-runner: README.md

# gha-runner

> A simple GitHub Action for creating self-hosted runners. Currently, this only supports AWS and x86_64 Linux AMIs. This runner is heavily inspired by [ec2-github-runner](https://github.com/machulav/ec2-github-runner) but rewritten for the molecular software community as well as changes to support additional cloud providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple GitHub Action for creating self-hosted runners. Currently, this only supports AWS and x86_64 Linux AMIs. This runner is heavily inspired by [ec2-github-runner](https://github.com/machulav/ec2-github-runner) but rewritten to support additional cloud providers and to better meet some needs of the OMSF community.
```
